# Numerical Propulsion System Simulation

ensim4 is a real-time inline combustion engine test-bed simulator. URANOS is a GPU-accelerated Navier–Stokes solver. Apache Mahout(TM) is a distributed linear algebra framework. SU2 code is a framework for computational fluid dynamics simulation. Power System Library (PSL) for the Numerical Propulsion System Simulation software framework. Ptolemaeus is a Java mathematics library. Yade is an extensible framework for discrete numerical models. MultiPhaseMixtureMedia is a framework for thermodynamic properties in Modelica. NeuralFoil is an airfoil aerodynamics analysis tool using physics-informed machine learning. FLOWUnsteady is a variable-fidelity framework for unsteady aerodynamics and aeroacoustics based on the reformulated vortex particle method (rVPM). This is the library of thermo-fluid and thermodynamic calculation components mainly for modeling of aircraft's propulsion system. The Advanced Geared Turbofan 30,000 lbf Electrified (AGTF30-e) is an electrified geared turbofan. T-MATS is a Simulink toolbox designed for use in modeling and simulating thermodynamic systems. The OpenAP aircraft performance model is an open-source initiative designed to enhance air transport research. OpenVSP is a parametric aircraft geometry tool. pyCycle is a thermodynamic cycle modeling library designed primarily for modeling jet engine performance. The Aviary is an aircraft design, analysis, and optimization tool built on top of the Python-based optimization framework OpenMDAO. OTA is an open-source system architecture optimization. Turbulence simulation and analysis using Nek5000. Ascent is an extremely fast and flexible C++ simulation engine and differential equation solver. Code_aster is a nonlinear finite element solver for structures and thermomechanics. The Gas Dynamics Toolkit (GDTk) is a set of software tools for simulating high speed fluid flow. hyStrath is an hypersonic and rarefied gas dynamics simulation. dsmcFoam+: An OpenFOAM based direct simulation Monte Carlo solver

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

 